>> Mike North: So, this is great.
And what I wanna have you do,
is we're gonna define our own name
to types just using comments.
The way you do that is with this typedef,
comment type.
So, what we're effectively
saying here is we have a type,
we're going to refer to
it as InventoryItem.
Now, whenever we're using that
@type thing in a comment,
we can say well this is an InventoryItem.
And we're basically saying I'm going
to refer to a structure by name.
And with this typedef, this is where we
define what that structure looks like.
And you can see here it's just an object
that has a property called, name,
whose type is a string and a property
called price, whose type is a number.
We can combine that with another type and
we can call this an invoice item.
And you see here,
rather than just saying object,
we're actually in lining another type,
it's a different way.
So, this object here,
that's just another type definition.
Sorry, this is just
another type definition.
We could put whatever we want there,
including something that looks like this,
which is not just an object, but it's
an object that it's of a particular shape.
And so we're saying okay,
we've got an InvoiceItem which says okay,
item whose value is an InventoryItem,
that's the thing you took off the shelf
and here's how many you took.
And then down here we could define,
we could say okay well invoice
simply an array of invoice items.
And we could push an item into that and
it would be happy.
And of course we try to push something
into it with a different shape,
this is square peg round hole.
It won't work.